welcome to small photo
I'm going to talk to you today about the
sony nex cameras you know that little one
compact cameras with super high
quality and interchangeable lenses
let's start with the brand new one
in steps of this series
the nex-3n mind to see what's there
all in the package he is running
again printed around that color
manual in book form that reads nicely
nice
You can also taste for your holiday
aircraft of reading
neck strap is included with charging plug
united kingdom and lithium battery
a gradient block from the outlet
to charge to the camera via usb
so this is your astral adapter
USB cable so also under connect to the
computer and obviously so than here
may also load of a European plug, and they
never look further into the box and
kick the camera itself
neat wait
in this case with the 1650 lens are want
luxury lens with a power view will it
yellow is very compact so it already looks
in the package
well we go to the camera itself
so it is clear
a system camera from sony de nex-3n
newest model it is nice and compact
with system cameras you can use those lenses
well hope have camera manufacturer
chose to have a small the sensor
to mount in their camera so that
the yellow can be made small
well so that of course that doesn't go for it
quality im just said being square
we will maintain the same quality as
our slt cameras must therefore have one
very large image sensor
in a very compact jacket well we have
there is a 1650 lens that is a lens
with a power kiss
that was simply saying we like him
zoom in by pressing a button
slide a button up visit
that in
to look down that back again
to wide angle nice range 1650 your lens
characterized by very few
bias a very good build quality
but so on on the device itself
we look very pleasant and built-in
flash
week benefits you always have because
lies with you if you need you
not necessarily the same as a flitsertje
put on top we see the
rear a large display and that
display we can tilt out so that we
so the camera at a separate angle too
still be able to use
series sleepy our photographing blow
just move the screen up and
then you can just see what happens
see what you are doing with the
camera very easy a proposal
of course there is not on my route
that of the display is super clear
the sun a lot and I still can
just see what 's on the photo there
so found work inside behind it
the lens directly connects the image sensor in this
case it is about the well-known 16
megapixels heavenly from sony with the
enjoy exmoor which takes care of whole
good performance all
lighting conditions might be one
of the best sensors that they
in this total the camera industry
on the side we see and close all
connections and sd slot
a usb connection an hdmi connection
already very easy to use the camera
to be able to close on television or
computer
on the back we find a rotary wheel
can operate the camera and quickly
settings can scroll and
traffic on top of few buttons is nice
so we have a play button or photos
look back and rixoort button for the
movie function but that's it he is
nice and tight we will use the camera
they are not easy to use
put off by many buttons
However, if you want to mess up, then that is something
of course you can now choose me
for aperture priority
shutter priority for manual
exposure
they very beautiful complete camera a whole
yes compact innocent looking jacket
very nice pictures but you can see it
perhaps not on the outside
one-two-three off because are
system cameras is so nice and small
also this nex-3n doll